name,bio
Billie Eilish,Young American singer and songwriter, winner of numerous music awards. 
Kendrick Lamar,Award-winning rapper, considered one of the most important hip-hop artists. 
Taylor Swift,Singer and songwriter, one of the world's best-selling artists. 
Drake,Canadian rapper and singer, hugely popular with critics and listeners alike. 
Adele,British singer, known for her powerful voice and emotional lyrics. 
Beyoncé,Pop icon, singer, actress and music producer, considered one of the most influential women in the music industry. 
Ed Sheeran,British singer and songwriter, known for his hit songs. 
Rihanna,Barbadian singer, actress and businesswoman who has gained worldwide fame for her artistic versatility. 
The Weeknd,Canadian singer and music producer, known for his distinctive R&B sound. 
Bruno Mars,American singer, songwriter and music producer, winner of multiple Grammy awards. 
Kanye West,Controversial rapper, music producer and fashion designer, known for his innovation in hip-hop music. 
Lady Gaga,Singer, actress and social activist, known for her eccentric style and strong voice. 
Justin Bieber,Canadian pop singer who gained immense popularity as a teenager and continues his career as an adult artist. 
Ariana Grande,American pop singer and actress, known for her versatile vocal talent. 
Dua Lipa,British singer and songwriter, Grammy Award winner who quickly rose to fame in the music industry. 
Post Malone,American rapper, singer and music producer, known for his unique musical style combining different genres. 
Travis Scott,American rapper, music producer and fashion designer, known for his energetic concert performances. 
Khalid,American singer and songwriter who has gained recognition for his emotional lyrics and melodic sound. 
Lizzo,American singer, rapper and songwriter, known for her positive energy and open attitude. 
Harry Styles,British singer, known for his performances in boy band 
One Direction and for his solo career. 
Shawn Mendes,Canadian singer and songwriter who has gained popularity for his hit songs. 
SZA,American singer and songwriter who has gained recognition for her experimental sounds in R&B music. 
Janelle Monáe,American singer, actress and music producer, known for her unique musical style. 
Sam Smith,British singer and songwriter, Grammy Award winner, known for his deep and emotional voice.
Cardi B,American rapper, known for her uncompromising style and charismatic personality.
Halsey,American singer and songwriter who has gained fame for her personal and introspective lyrics.
Camila Cabello,American pop singer, known for her hit solo singles and collaborations with the band Fifth Harmony. 
Lil Nas X,American rapper and country singer who gained international popularity with his hit song "Old Town Road." 
Doja Cat,American singer and rapper who gained notoriety for her eclectic musical style. 
Bad Bunny,Porto Rican singer and rapper, known for his experimental approach to reggaeton and trap music.
Megan Thee Stallion,American rapper, known for her confident style and energetic stage performances.
Katy Perry,American pop singer, known for her hit singles and colorful music videos.